so we already meet our next deadly sin
we already see Diane serpent up ND and
my god she has giant body in general
nobody go in that round lobby yes the
massive but we're not going over all yes
all we need to know is should be any way
for though what we saw this episode we
finally got introduced to her and we saw
like the giant like misty forest where
it's like parody it plays like tricks
with you and we see it like even for
like the style this episode I just
absolutely love me Leona so this whole
part of the section by the first eight
minutes as he was just going around like
just like me like as I'm playing miss
with it like those say I always talk to
trying to attack Mariota City she's like
fascism brownies and get and then even
as well there was like a whole bunch of
the lizabeth's at one point and just
like big titties i go i don't know where
i am like Elizabeth and study episode
you say Mike what's that grabbed me oh
it's me grabbing your ass oh thank god
it's like that's us yo videos why you
said cool I'm not to mention as well but
all the little clones came out of this
but he's like okay put your hand up say
my name and the shy boys like many other
son milo they grab your tits and play
with them and jump near had the only
reason they were able to deduct this was
because many already still have panties
at the start it was because she wouldn't
she refused to jump because you didn't
have any on that they were L was sold
out like wow and then seeing like Diane
she is a huge literally huge soon to let
from like we know fact she goes I like
literally at the stars like the goblins
try to wake her up like that she's like
oh can Captain like she's like hugging
him right now he's like girls like
across him and she literally flipped
down with you know like you're on a
journey alone with like Elizabeth
because she's like oh I'll absolutely
love you captain like that and then
she's like you betray me for another one
like literally beat the shit out of them
and just milliers like just taking it
like a boss he is those much as well we
had the confrontation old guild thunder
and it's like like videos of sure
Prosser yeah I treat you like 10 years
ago because we saw like a little
flashback and what happened and it seems
like you say Mike he has like amnesia of
a certain when she remembers like them
going into fur see like you know because
the captain itself let's see that you've
got executed and that all you know that
holy Knights were there to us around
them so
definitely some shit happened like that
holy nice set them up in a way and I
kind of like that like we saw that
little episode they say no I trained you
you know you're ten years ago you'll
find it's just this heartless bastard
even like Elizabeth was like I you know
I used to play with you all the time
when I was a little kid low what
happened so there's a lot of interesting
things to go fund a bus like the fire
itself was just kicking off like that
like he was just from lightning
everywhere like that milios it was just
like oh I'm trying to be nice here and I
was like yo you don't seem very oldest
angry fuck me leo is angry you get
fucked up it was just like very
interesting things like just to see
about that I was like yo even eat mashed
together could all strike on Bell yo
listen it's like you had any last words
it's like we already had the center of
greed over there like in a crowd in a
prison and then also as well like the
sinner like a sloth as well as dead we
confirmed out we took him down sup it so
oh really as he just gets up like it was
like he was like one desk toys like oh
yes well my friends like that is like oh
yeah we know that so it's like it's
definitely interesting now that we
apparently one of the sins is dead what
do you think about that like in the
conversation down below like that and
also as well one of the scenes already
but overall I'm loving the anime I think
they're doing a great annotation all day
it's very fun enjoyable like hide and
just show the fuck I think that's really
a job but tell it personally I'm going
to give this one on any out of town for
this was a really great episode so let
me know I think in the consolation down
below but i scald me to think than watch
which was always and I'll see you guys
next time